[GLOSSARY] transaction surveilance company (#441)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Similarly, Tumbler is the synonym of 'Mixer'.
:::

:::details
### Transaction Surveillance Company

> A transaction surveillance company is one which attempts to spy on all bitcoin users.

Reviewer: A transaction surveillance company is one which attempts to spy on all Bitcoin users.

Author: ```suggestion
A transaction surveillance company is one which attempts to spy on all Bitcoin users.
```

> Their business model is usually to sell the data to any governments, corporations and individuals willing to pay for their services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Their business model is usually to sell the data to any government, corporation or individual willing to pay for their services.
```
